perceptilabs/__init__.py
perceptilabs/app_variables.json
perceptilabs/mainServer.py
perceptilabs/azure.py
perceptilabs/logconf.py
perceptilabs/main_setup.py
perceptilabs/mainInterface.py
perceptilabs/coreInterface.py
perceptilabs/lwInterface.py
perceptilabs/CoreThread.py
perceptilabs/createDataObject.py
perceptilabs/extractVariables.py
perceptilabs/funclib.py
perceptilabs/functionParser.py
perceptilabs/networkExporter.py
perceptilabs/networkSaver.py
perceptilabs/parse_pb.py
perceptilabs/s3buckets.py
perceptilabs/utils.py
perceptilabs/license_checker.py
perceptilabs/issues.py
perceptilabs/script.py

# perceptilabs/messaging
perceptilabs/messaging/base.py
perceptilabs/messaging/zmq_wrapper.py
perceptilabs/messaging/simple.py
perceptilabs/messaging/__init__.py

# perceptilabs/server
perceptilabs/server/__init__.py
perceptilabs/server/appServer.py
perceptilabs/server/desktop_serverlib.py
perceptilabs/server/web_serverlib.py

# perceptilabs/autosettings
perceptilabs/autosettings/__init__.py
perceptilabs/autosettings/base.py
perceptilabs/autosettings/rules.py
perceptilabs/autosettings/utils.py

# perceptilabs/graph
perceptilabs/graph/__init__.py
perceptilabs/graph/splitter.py
perceptilabs/graph/spec.py

# perceptilabs/layers
perceptilabs/layers/__init__.py
perceptilabs/layers/utils.py
perceptilabs/layers/helper.py
perceptilabs/layers/specbase.py
perceptilabs/layers/specutils.py
perceptilabs/layers/definitions.py

# perceptilabs/layers/datadata
perceptilabs/layers/datadata/spec.py
perceptilabs/layers/datadata/imports.json

# perceptilabs/layers/dataenvironment
perceptilabs/layers/dataenvironment/spec.py
perceptilabs/layers/dataenvironment/imports.json

# perceptilabs/layers/datarandom
perceptilabs/layers/datarandom/spec.py
perceptilabs/layers/datarandom/imports.json

# perceptilabs/layers/deeplearningfc
perceptilabs/layers/deeplearningfc/spec.py
perceptilabs/layers/deeplearningfc/imports.json

# perceptilabs/layers/deeplearningconv
perceptilabs/layers/deeplearningconv/spec.py
perceptilabs/layers/deeplearningconv/imports.json

# perceptilabs/layers/deeplearningdeconv
perceptilabs/layers/deeplearningdeconv/spec.py
perceptilabs/layers/deeplearningdeconv/imports.json

# perceptilabs/layers/deeplearningrecurrent
perceptilabs/layers/deeplearningrecurrent/spec.py
perceptilabs/layers/deeplearningrecurrent/imports.json

# perceptilabs/layers/processreshape
perceptilabs/layers/processreshape/spec.py
perceptilabs/layers/processreshape/imports.json

# perceptilabs/layers/processrescale
perceptilabs/layers/processrescale/spec.py
perceptilabs/layers/processrescale/imports.json

# perceptilabs/layers/processonehot
perceptilabs/layers/processonehot/spec.py
perceptilabs/layers/processonehot/imports.json

# perceptilabs/layers/processgrayscale
perceptilabs/layers/processgrayscale/spec.py
perceptilabs/layers/processgrayscale/imports.json

# perceptilabs/layers/mathswitch
perceptilabs/layers/mathswitch/spec.py
perceptilabs/layers/mathswitch/imports.json

# perceptilabs/layers/mathmerge
perceptilabs/layers/mathmerge/spec.py
perceptilabs/layers/mathmerge/imports.json

# perceptilabs/layers/layercustom
perceptilabs/layers/layercustom/spec.py
perceptilabs/layers/layercustom/imports.json

# perceptilabs/layers/trainclassification
perceptilabs/layers/trainclassification/spec.py
perceptilabs/layers/trainclassification/imports.json

# perceptilabs/layers/trainobjectdetection
perceptilabs/layers/trainobjectdetection/spec.py
perceptilabs/layers/trainobjectdetection/imports.json

# perceptilabs/layers/traingan
perceptilabs/layers/traingan/spec.py
perceptilabs/layers/traingan/imports.json

# perceptilabs/layers/trainreinforce
perceptilabs/layers/trainreinforce/spec.py
perceptilabs/layers/trainreinforce/imports.json

# perceptilabs/layers/trainregression
perceptilabs/layers/trainregression/spec.py
perceptilabs/layers/trainregression/imports.json

# perceptilabs/core_new
perceptilabs/core_new/__init__.py
perceptilabs/core_new/core2.py
perceptilabs/core_new/errors.py
perceptilabs/core_new/extras.py
perceptilabs/core_new/lightweight2.py
perceptilabs/core_new/cache2.py
perceptilabs/core_new/utils.py
perceptilabs/core_new/serialization.py

# perceptilabs/core_new/communication
perceptilabs/core_new/communication/__init__.py
perceptilabs/core_new/communication/client.py
perceptilabs/core_new/communication/server.py
perceptilabs/core_new/communication/state.py
perceptilabs/core_new/communication/utils.py
perceptilabs/core_new/communication/deployment.py
perceptilabs/core_new/communication/zmq.py
perceptilabs/core_new/communication/task_executor.py

# perceptilabs/core_new/compatibility
perceptilabs/core_new/compatibility/__init__.py
perceptilabs/core_new/compatibility/base.py
perceptilabs/core_new/compatibility/policies.py

# perceptilabs/core_new/graph/
perceptilabs/core_new/graph/__init__.py
perceptilabs/core_new/graph/base.py
perceptilabs/core_new/graph/builder.py
perceptilabs/core_new/graph/utils.py

# perceptilabs/core_new/layers/
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/__init__.py
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/base.py
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/definitions.py
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/replicas.py
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/replication.py
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/utils.py

# perceptilabs/core_new/layers/templates/
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/templates/__init__.py
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/templates/base.py
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/templates/custom.j2
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/templates/datadata.j2
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/templates/dataenv.j2
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/templates/datarandom.j2
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/templates/file_utils.j2
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/templates/tf1x.j2
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/templates/tf1x_classification.j2
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/templates/tf1x_gan.j2
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/templates/tf1x_rl.j2
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/templates/tf1x_object_detection.j2
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/templates/tf1x_regression.j2
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/templates/tf1x_utils.j2
perceptilabs/core_new/layers/templates/utils.py

# perceptilabs/insights/csv_ram_estimator/
perceptilabs/insights/__init__.py
perceptilabs/insights/csv_ram_estimator/__init__.py
perceptilabs/insights/csv_ram_estimator/base.py
perceptilabs/insights/dataset.py
perceptilabs/insights/csv_ram_estimator/model_and_meta.pkl

# perceptilabs/dataschema/
perceptilabs/dataschema/master.json
perceptilabs/dataschema/kernel_started.json
perceptilabs/dataschema/training_started.json
perceptilabs/dataschema/training_ended.json
perceptilabs/dataschema/graph_spec.json
perceptilabs/dataschema/dc_memory_used.json

# backend/perceptilabs/aggregation/
perceptilabs/aggregation/__init__.py
perceptilabs/aggregation/base.py
perceptilabs/aggregation/aggregates.py

# backend/perceptilabs/api/
perceptilabs/api/data_container.py
perceptilabs/api/experiment.py

perceptilabs/tutorial_data/
